[Music]
good morning
hello welcome back hope you're having a
lovely day
today i'm back with a worry in a day
video and
so excited for this because i haven't
filmed one of these in a little while
and
also dude like a really good food shop
yesterday so i've got some new bits in
it so i just wanted to share some
new bits and bobs really that is
penelope breathing
very heavily in the background she's
been so cheeky this morning i actually
started my day thinking someone else was
in the house
and it was in fact penelope like in a
cupboard basically making some absolute
racket i don't know how she got in there
but
yeah she's like a cat first thing first
i'm gonna have a coffee
i can't believe i've actually started
filming having not had a coffee yet
yeah we'll get into the video
okay so just as i was frothing my milk
the coffee machine has just stopped
working and
some like not flame but like some steam
coming out of the top which
doesn't normally come out so i have a
feeling
something has had a fault there so i'm
just gonna have to pour some milk
into my coffee but i was kind of looking
forward to like a super
fluffy cappuccino but never mind that's
all right
so we're gonna have some baked toast for
breakfast i've got this really cute
little ramekin thing
i'm gonna use the recipe from my
cookbook
just to change the protein and i think
i'm to add some apple
on the top like make like an apple
crumble kind of oats i've preheated my
oven to 180 degrees and it only takes
like 25 minutes
so i'm just going to unload the
dishwasher and do some bits like that
first
40 grams of oats blueberry and lemon
diet whey which is my all-time favorite
at the moment
i'll pop a link down below
[Music]
some oat milk i seem to swap between
almond milk
quite a bit just 150 grams
and then mix that all up
i just look fill in this thing this just
brings me joy for some reason
[Music]
then i've just melted some peanut butter
and added a little bit of
milk
here it is it actually just looks like
one big cake
just puts obviously some banana apple
some melted chocolate
and peanut butter on there but yeah this
is one of just my all-time favorite
breakfast
so good the bowl is still hot if you are
eating out of like the ramekins you'll
obviously have
a kitchen towel but it's just like he's
really like cake for breakfast
i just clicked my back actually like
moving the camera over that way
so nice i really want to book in with an
osteopath actually at some point soon
i really feel like my back needs just
some tlc
anyway i am just about to take penalty
on a
little walk especially it's such a nice
morning sometimes i'll take her out in
the afternoon but yeah i just thought
i'd go out this morning i've been
listening
to jay shetty on purpose like his
podcast that he has on spotify he
interviews people from the likes of like
rhonda byrne who wrote the secret you
know that really popular book about
manifestation
and i loved that interview yeah that
book like changed my life a few years
ago so it was really nice to hear an
interview with her and then he also
interviewed people like big sean
so like rappers like just a really nice
like
majority of people and it's funny seeing
like some similarities
in such different people in like
different fields yeah i'm loving those
at the moment like i always like to
listen to something
on my walks i like how i'm cleaning in
the house and i feel like it just helps
in every aspect like i feel like it
helps my vocabulary it helps
just learning new things all the time
and i really do like
listening to like new conversations i
was super shocked
with the big sean interview and i didn't
know
he was actually quite like a spiritual
person and he talks a lot about like how
he has got where he is and how he got
signed by kanye and he
sort of mentions how a lot of that was
manifestation and like visioning
so i thought that was super interesting
he's looking half asleep today
just going to walk walkies do you want
to go on a walk
not very convincing now you want to
sleep
come on let's go let's go
[Music]
yeah we're just having a little mooch
there's absolutely tons of dogs on this
field today
penelope insists on saying hi to
absolutely every single one of them
yeah this is quite a nice little
quite a nice little routine in the
morning have my breakfast have a coffee
have my plan
in my head for what i've got for the day
and it's just
much nicer to mix things up as well as i
get my steps in but yeah try not to make
it too long or because
sometimes i just seem to get so carried
away
[Music]
so back from that little walk that was
actually so nice just to get
this fresh air i found yes that always
like completely changes
just my whole vibe like i feel like just
getting out for a quick
walk like i think i was probably like
15-20 minutes that time
i probably spent sat scrolling on my
phone you know after my breakfast or
something
so that is your reminder as well to make
sure you get out for some fresh air
especially
if you're still like working from home
and stuff or spend a lot of
the day at sedentary anyway pre-workout
time i'm gonna go for
sherbet and lemon this is the phd charge
one i really really like this and
you probably already know how much i
love the blue gummy one so i'm just
gonna make this it is actually back day
today
i love back day i always make sure i
plan out my sessions i feel like that
helps me so much more like
beforehand
[Music]
[Applause]
took me about an hour to do that workout
i did a little bit of core
at the end i think i've got mascara like
my eyes were kind of watering
yep definitely got mascara underneath
there i'm just going to jump in the
shower in a sec
that was a really good body session i
absolutely love
back days like i go through phases
recently i've been loving my leg days
but back's definitely
up there at the moment thinking like i
feel like i've definitely lost some size
like
muscle mass recently for absolute sure
especially on my legs
for a multiple of reasons feel a lot
fitter
at the moment i'm just trying some just
new things like i tried a pistol squat
this morning
which i haven't really done before and i
wouldn't mind doing some more like
upside down work like i'd love to be
more flexible and
be able to do cool things like more
handstands
you know i don't know if that's just me
but
yeah i just quite like the more
functional side and be able to just do
things with
my body which i've never really focused
on it's mainly just been like
bodybuilding or
focusing on like growth and stuff but
and i definitely do a lot more walking
these days
than i did this time last year because
things haven't been really open like
what can you do you can go meet up with
friends and like go for a walk
grab a coffee get like go for a walk so
really having like a pink moment
at a minute so yeah i've just popped on
some leggings like i was gonna put on
jeans and then
i just thought no like i am trying to
wear more like normal clothes you know
anywho
i'm just gonna make some lunch so this
is like kind of random but i have this
most days to be fair so it's basically
uh two percent it's like really lean
turkey mints although this is the
smallest like i think of turkey mince
like look at the plastic
and where where is the rest what's the
point of that
excess beer that bugs me can i cook this
up like normally this is like two
portions worth but this is be looking
like one
and yeah i'm just gonna have like some
avocado a veg
maybe like a wrap or something like i
have this most days i'll just maybe swap
out
the meat for something else i try to
avoid just like my standard like poached
eggs and stuff i just find it's a lot
easier to get my protein in
this way like having more like lean meat
and all of that is it me or is it is it
just like
the most therapeutic thing you know when
you get a shower after you've done like
a workout and just feel
cleansed as hell because everyone else
like that like post-workout showers are
just like
something else so yeah i'm gonna have i
really like the oat
coffee i have so basically the reason
why i'm adding milk now like
for a while i've been having like an
americano coffee which i feel like you
have a love or hate i'm gonna try just
make sure i have milk in my coffees now
because i don't think it's good for your
teeth and also like
so i'm just gonna chop up some onion to
start with
okay this is kind of random but i'm
adding
some like chicken casserole seasoning
like just a little bit
i'm surprised you're not eating that
with a spoon actually normally you just
bite the top off don't you
so we picked these up yesterday wait
wow they look so bright we've got
another one
so they had these in waitrose didn't
they and they're just gone
anything you buy in this house this
animal here
just avocado and
some beetroot and some rocket salad
and then i'm just going to make a seeded
flatbread i've been really liking these
recently actually
i keep them in the freezer and then
literally just pop them in the toaster
that way
they don't go off as well like if i
don't use them all in one week
[Music]
grated some of this cheese on top kind
of looks like a taco so here's what i'm
hoping for
my lunch this is honestly just like one
of my goats at the moment
turkey's so quick to cook and then you
can just pump her with some
my video veg i'm not videoing you you're
just in my lifetime
no absolutely
hardest thing is actually eating this
thick i'm trying to click
make something oh my god yeah
oh my god oh my god you're back on mine
lightly
oh my god they make a quick green
smoothie i just love how quick they are
and just tastes so good
150 grams of oatmeal
doing 40 grams of banana
frozen banana is better i feel like it
gives it more like a
an ice cream kind of that way blue green
lemon okay
today this has just been the best flavor
at the moment
one scoop a few sunflower seeds
a big piece of spinach
you literally can't taste the spinach as
well if you're someone who's like not a
big fan of greens
pretty good like for your hair it's good
got loads of magnesium into about
60 grams
[Music]
i'm not gonna put any glass i'm just
gonna take this massive bamboo
straw
had a package from livingtown earlier
and
i had one of these earlier tim tam
australian version of
penguin they're really nice dipped in to
a cup of tea all right
probably be able to tell i just got back
from a walk with penelope
and of course i'm going to show you hair
products but my hair
is like a bird's nest right now like
it's been really windy today
yeah i just took penalty on the field
but i forgot to mention in the last vlog
and i really
wanted to tell you about these two
things i've been using my hair
obviously didn't sponsor anything like
they're two different brands but you
know the moroccan oil
that's been around for years hasn't it
i've been using that as well as the
olaplex number seven
bonding oil and i've really noticed the
difference like i feel like my hair
is much more protected what firstly like
when i'm putting heat in it like blow
drying or whatever and i've just felt
like it's felt much
healthier and not as dry on the ends
like i have really frizzy hair so
there's no such thing as like too much
oil for me but i think if you've got
like
on the thinner side like maybe this
would be too much but i really like this
combo at the moment and i just wanted to
share that picked up this like it's kind
of like a what is it a
malaysian noodle kit type thing so some
white noodles in here
i'm not going to use like all the sauces
i'll just put some of my own seasonings
in and maybe a little bit of this sauce
some broccoli some spring onion and
other veggies and there's just some
chicken
that throw in these garlic chicken
strips these are actually on a skewer
but i'm just going to throw them in like
one pound say and then also cook
some extra veg
oh my word this smells absolutely
amazing and then we've got the cooked
veggies i'm just going to plate this up
wow also if you are trying to track like
say something like this and it like
you've added a bit of salt to something
just as a rough idea you can input it
like say
if you use my fitness pal like myself
and then just wait in grams like it's
not 100 accurate but
it is more of an idea than just sort of
like guessing
[Music]
so here's what i'm having for my dinner
oh my gosh smells
amazing
[Music]
oh i picked this up the other day it's a
mango and coconut like frozen yogurt
this for dessert
i think i'm going to wrap this video up
here and i
hope you liked this what i eat in a day
one
let me know what you would like to see
if you've got any other video
suggestions just
pop them in the comments down below see
you in the next video i would love you
to stick around
by subscribing and that is all from me